[IMP] XLSX: import text wrapping modes (#2289)
odoo/o-spreadsheet: doc/extending/xlsx/xlsx_import.md

- Align :
  - some horizontal alignments. We only support left/right/center.
  - vertical alignement

>   - some wrappingText modes. We only support wrap/overflow. Clip mode from Google Sheets will be converted to overflow mode.

Reviewer: Mention that (if I undestand correctly), we do support clip mode in in o_spreadsheet, but it's just not supported in xslx files.

    - fill/justify -> left
    - centerContinuous/distributed -> center
  - some vertical alignements. We only support top/center/bottom. Other types will be converted to center.

>   - some wrappingText modes. We only support wrap/overflow imported from Google Sheets and Excel, while o-spreadsheet does have clip mode for text wrapping. Clip mode from Google Sheets will be converted to overflow mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - some wrappingText modes. We only support wrap/overflow imported from Google Sheets and Excel. Clip mode from Google Sheets will be converted to overflow mode, because even if o-spreadsheet support clip mode, it isn't supported by xlsx files.
```
a bit clearer IMO
